derive new addresses from xpubs when balances are refreshed (#4731)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`1830` New addresses are now derived from XPUBs when balances are refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`1830` Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash addresses are now derived from XPUBs keys when balances are refreshed.
```
